Events summer (#123)
Openscapes/website-new: events/2024-08-07-nih-bmic-talk/index.qmd

---
title: "How Openscapes supports teams in open science: stories of how we work"
description: "Invited virtual talk for the NIH Biomedical Informatics Coordinating Committee (BMIC)" 
author: Openscapes
date: 2024-08-07
categories:
  - talk
  - event
image: bmic.png
---

> *This event will follow up on and share from the* [*NLM Workshop on advancing a networked approach to equitable open science*](https://openscapes.org/events/2024-06-04-nlm-equitable-open-science)*. Maryam Zaringhalam, workshop lead, will give a report on the NLM workshop, and Julia Lowndes will provide a perspective on the approach Openscapes has developed to shift research cultures towards greater colla*boration and inclusion through open science. *Maryam Zaringhalam recently gave a keynote summarizing the NLM workshop at a CZI Open Science Meeting ([abstract & slides](https://zenodo.org/records/12523362)).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event will follow up on and share from the [NLM Workshop on advancing a networked approach to equitable open science](https://openscapes.org/events/2024-06-04-nlm-equitable-open-science). Maryam Zaringhalam, workshop lead, will give a report on the NLM workshop, and Julia Lowndes will provide a perspective on the approach Openscapes has developed to shift research cultures towards greater collaboration and inclusion through open science. Maryam Zaringhalam recently gave a keynote summarizing the NLM workshop at a CZI Open Science Meeting ([abstract & slides](https://zenodo.org/records/12523362)).
```
